Ha ha ha ha
She must be kidding us, haha.
The lady is of course flexible.
Even the joke is special.
Ha ha ha
Ma'am, are you kidding me?
You.
Let's guess.
Madam, this joke is too heavy.
Young people are not talented.
I hope you're clear.
Ma'am, what do you mean?
You are too strong.
That's actually true.
Ma'am, we can give you anything you want.
But this path to suicide is only a little bit.
You just bit a country girl.
When I let myself cut off my life
Deciding more now.
Ma'am, don't be kidding.
Today the dignitaries gathered on the flag
You are all important to the court.
If you let them cut themselves off.
Didn't that destroy the foundation of the court?
A colony of ants bugs
Kill, kill.
Dare to say shake the basic court
Ma'am, this seems a little excessive.
It is as if these families of ours were killed by others.
That's funny.
I'll call you lady.
We are all members of the court.
Top three products
Can you shake it?
Master Liu, would you let her do that?
If you want to kill, kill.
Master Liu, is she crazy, are you crazy too?
The lady works in one line.
See you later.
You have to do that.
Just more calamity.
power in the palace.
Who can guarantee peace of mind?
Do you threaten the lady?
Master Liu, you are the prime minister.
I respect you a point.
But she wanted to cut off my life.
I'll never let her.
Do you know who you're talking to?
Wow.
My Lord.
Everything has a degree.
Today I'm waiting for unthoughtful work.
Insulting the gentleman
Now we're ready to lower the profile.
Indemnity
Excuse me.
But the lady shouldn't say too great.
Leave room for everyone.
Do not forget that Van Hieu is the adopted daughter of the chief princess.
Even the king must give the princess face.
You are a village man.
Is it better than a princess?